I'm a 64 yr old female with diabetes. However, I'm not sure that this is related to the diabetes since it was happening before I was diagnosed with the diabetes. One of my feet, either one or the other but not both at the same time, will lose it's feeling, like falling asleep. I ***k it immediately to get the feeling back. It comes back immediately but keeps doing it over and over, the episodes within seconds of each other. It only happens when I'm sitting or lying down and will last for hours. It doesn't hurt but is awful since I can't sleep and ***k my feet for hours. Anyone else have this problem? I would love to know what causes it. Thanks.
I am not Type2 I am Insulin Resistant or Pre-Diabetic but I was "diagnosed" with that in November.
Hi, First I would like to say that it is really nice to see the support you all give to each other. I especially like the post where the person said "Go ahead and whine..." It is hard and I am glad there is a place you can go and just "whine". So to my question... I was diagnosed with endo this Nov. I had a lap. done for what turned out to be a chocolate cyst on my right ovary. Prior to that I didn't really have other symptoms aside from bad cramps the first day of my period. When I was a teen I would get cramps so bad I would pass out but haven't had period pain that bad that an Aleve wouldn't take care of. Recently, I had horrible cramps again. To the point that for hours I felt like I was going to pass out and throw up, Aleve didn't help. My concern is that my endo is getting worse and this the the tip of the iceberg. I just started back on birth control pills (for the first time after having my 2nd daughter 4 years ago). It is obviously a low estrogen pill. Have any of you noticed that your symptoms decreased in severity while on the pill? I would really appreciate any personal experiences you want to share. Thanks! Jennifer (age 37-mother of 2)
Originally posted by: Charlie B.Dear Neurobadger,Thanks for using the Alzheimer's Association Online Community. Unfortunately, the situation you described is not uncommon. You mentioned that your father and your cousins see that your uncle has a problem, but he lacks insight into his condition and his spouse (your Dad's sister-in-law) is evidently in denial. The signs of dementia you mentioned are your uncle's short term memory loss and his aggressiveness - which I assume is a change from his previous functioning. There are many possible causes for these changes. Therefore, we recommend that he be seen by a physician.The common warning signs of Alzheimer's Disease are as follows:1) Memory changes that disrupt daily lifeOne of the most common signs of Alzheimer’s, especially in the early stages, is forgetting recently learned information. Others include forgetting important dates or events; asking for the same information over and over; relying on memory aides (for example, reminder notes or electronic devices) or family members for things they used to handle on their own. Typical age-related changes include sometimes forgetting names or appointments, but remembering them later. 2) Challenges in planning or solving problemsSome people may experience changes in their ability to develop and follow a plan or work with numbers. They may have trouble following a familiar recipe or keeping track of monthly bills, or they may have difficulty concentrating and take much longer to do things than they did before. Making occasional errors when balancing a checkbook is a typical age-related change. 3) Difficulty completing familiar tasks at home, at work or at leisurePeople with Alzheimer’s often find it hard to complete daily tasks. Sometimes, people may have trouble driving to a familiar location, managing a budget at work or remembering the rules of a favorite game. Occasionally needing help to use the settings on a microwave or to record a television show is a typical age-related change. 4) Confusion with time or placePeople with Alzheimer’s can lose track of dates, seasons and the passage of time. They may have trouble understanding something if it is not happening immediately. Sometimes they may forget where they are or how they got there. A typical age-related change is experiencing confusion about what day it is but later figuring it out. 5) Trouble understanding visual images and spatial relationshipsHaving vision problems is a sign of Alzheimer’s for some people. They may have difficulty reading, judging distance and determining color or contrast. In terms of perception, they may pass a mirror and think someone else is in the room. They may not realize they are the person in the mirror. Vision changes related to cataracts is a typical age-related change. 6) New problems with words in speaking or writingPeople with Alzheimer’s may have trouble following or joining a conversation. They may stop in the middle of a conversation and have no idea how to continue or they may repeat themselves. They may struggle with vocabulary, have problems finding the right word or call things by the wrong name. A typical age-related change is sometimes having difficulty finding the right word. 7) Misplacing things and losing the ability to retrace stepsA person with Alzheimer’s disease may put things in unusual places. They may lose things and be unable to go back over their steps to find them again. Sometimes, they may accuse others of stealing. This may occur more frequently over time. Misplacing things from time to time is a typical age-related change. Decreased or poor judgment People with Alzheimer’s may experience changes in judgment or decision-making. They may use poor judgment when dealing with money, giving large amounts to telemarketers. They may pay less attention to grooming or keeping themselves clean. Making a bad decision once in a while is a typical age-related change. 9) Withdrawal from work or social activitiesA person with Alzheimer’s may start to remove themselves from hobbies, social activities, work projects or sports. They may have trouble keeping up with a favorite sports team or remembering how to complete a favorite hobby. They may also avoid being social because of the changes they have experienced. A typical age-related change is sometimes feeling weary of work, family and social obligations. 10) Changes in mood and personalityThe mood and personalities of people with Alzheimer’s can change. They can become confused, suspicious, depressed, fearful or anxious. They may be easily upset at home, at work, with friends or in places where they are out of their comfort zone. Developing very specific ways of doing things and becoming irritable when a routine is disrupted is a typical age-related change.Mood changes with age may also be a sign of some other condition. Consult a doctor if you observe any changes. We suggest that a person exhibiting signs of dementia should see a neurologist for an evaluation. The evaluation involves a series of steps which screens for various other types of dementia before coming up with a diagnosis of Alzheimer's. I would suggest that you consider who might be the best person to approach your uncle regarding his need to get an evaluation.It is very helpful to write out a list of signs and symptoms that are apparent to family members and provide the list to the doctor prior to his appointment. Sometimes people will provide the list to a person's primary physician requesting a referral to a neurologist. Providing information on dementia to your Dad's sister-in-law might be helpful in getting her to understand. It is important to consider who might be the best person to approach her, sharing your concern. If you would like to discuss this matter with one of our counselors you can reach us on our 24-hour helpline at: 800-272-3900. Feel free to share our number with family members who might want to speak with a counselor or social worker as well. Thanks again for using the Alzheimer's Association Online Community. Good luck to you.Best wishes,Charlie
I have the same thing. I was diagnosed last year, I thought a spider or something bit me. I had a swelling (it looked like it dropped) of my right vulvar. Four months later my right leg swelled up. The surgeon who did the biopsy, and the gyn who took out my IUD while I was out, said it wasn't that. I went to another gyn who found nothing, so I was dx with cup. I'm almost in remission from the chemo. So hang in there
I was diagnosed with Celiac in May 2010. I just saw an alternative medicine doctor and she said that there was no doubt about it, I have leaky gut as well. She wasn't sure if I had yeast overgrowth, but suspected it. For the last month or so, I've tried to reduce the amount of sweets that I eat drastically. This has been hard because I am such a sweet tooth and have constant cravings for sweets. But I feel a little better now. However, I have acid reflux and I have taken an anti acid med for 7 plus years, which is making my stomach acid less acidic. But that's a problem because my stomach acid doesn't kill enough bacteria and yeast and I probably have all kinds of undigested garbage in my intestines that my stomach acid won't get rid of. And because my intestines are constantly irritated with all this junk, it contributes to the damage which opens up small holes and contributes to leaky gut. At least that's what I can make of all of this. The problem is, if I stop taking my acid reflux meds, I get terrible heartburn. I'm not sure what to do. Anyone else having a problem with acid reflux and low acidic stomach acid? How can I break this cycle? The problem with acid reflux meds is they don't really address the cause of reflux. They merely suppress the symptoms. Reflux is NOT caused by excess stomach acid. In fact too little stomach acid can cause reflux, because the lower esophageal sphincter (LES) is trigger biochemically by the pH level (acid/base) in your stomach when you eat. Without low enough pH (acid), the LES will not stay closed after the meal. Above all, reflux occurs when the LES opens at inappropriate times, not by the mere presence of acid in the stomach. I had reflux for years, although I had (diagnosed by Heidelberg capsule test) LOW stomach acid production. Several foods, drugs and lifestyle habits can relax the LES and cause reflux. Those foods include caffeine, chocolate, alcohol, peppermint, onions. Drugs include NSAIDs, demerol and others. Lifestyle habits which exacerbate reflux include overeating, wearing tight waistbands and going to bed too soon after eating (and especially lying on your right side). Acid blocking meds will kill the stomach acid necessary to kill any food born bacteria, parasites and/or fungus (like candida). I had 8 different gut bugs during the past 4 years, because I had low stomach acid. You need to stop taking acid blocking meds and abstain from foods that cause reflux as well as change how you eat, sleep and dress. Also read "Why Stomach Acid is Good for You" by Jonathon Wright, MD. That book lists the specific drugs, foods and habits that exacerbate reflux. You might also consider getting your stomach acid production tested by a Heidelberg capsule test. Many docs test the amount of acid in the esophagus, but that doesn't tell you how much acid your stomach produces. Testing esophageal acid only tells you that you have acid reflux. That burning sensation after eating already tells you that you have reflux. You need to determine and treat the cause of your freflux, not just the symptoms.
Hello! My son is 8 and has been diagnosed with Celiacs for about a year-and-a-half. He is also lactose intolerant. I was curious as to how others handle it when sending a child with Celiac's to a birthday party. My son knows the foods he can and cannot eat, for the most part since he is older. I always make a point to call to RSVP ahead of time to find out what type of foods will be served. Then, I try to send with him something similar, but that requires time and planning, so I can't always manage that with all my other obligations. I keep some homemade brownies in the freezer with non-dairy frosting on them. I send him one in a container and it is usually thawed out by the time he gets it. Most times, I will go and buy him a special treat to send- such as marshmallows or fruit snacks I know he can have and can share with others. I often pop a bag of popcorn to send with him too. Or, I'll make his own pizza if they are having pizza. I guess my worry is in that if he brings something and there isn't enough to go around, KWIM? I don't always get to stop at the store to buy a special treat to share. How do you handle birthday parties like this? Sorry I skimmed your post you do everything we do too. And I say no need to bring enough for the gang b/c afterall it is a party, right? If his friends know about his celiac disease then they will not question or hopefully they won't - kids are kids though.
I am a 47 year old female. After 6 years of pain and misdiagnosis, I was diagnosed with an "intense reaction to Schmorle's Nodes." I am currently on 2 osteoporosis medicines (Evista and Fosomax) in attempts to stop the microfractures from occuring. After a few months of taking these, I did improve. However, my hips and back recently started bothering me again, in the form of spasms. I cannot get another MRI for a few more weeks. I take Naproxin 2x's/day and muscle relaxers 1-2 times/day. Acupuncture gives me great short term relief, but the spasms are back the next day. I sit, and sometimes sleep in our recliner, as well as use an ice pack. These also provide short term relief. I am starting physical therapy (again), in hopes of strengthening my core muscles and stretching out the spasming muscles. PT did work once before. In reading others' stories, I feel fortunate that I had a few months of relief. Has anyone else had success with other forms of treatment?
I am very new at this (both public discussions and cancer) so please bear with me. A year ago my brother was diagnosed with colon cancer and died within 6 weeks of the diagnosis. My Dr had me go see an oncologist within weeks after my brother died and after the colonoscopy they found a cancerous tumor in the colon. They took a third of my colon out and did a resection and after it healed I started chemo. I finished my six months of chemo about 12 weeks ago and so far everything seems be ok. I feel very blessed after meeting my chemo buddies because they told me mine was probably caught early enough that I stand a very good chance of staying in remission. BUT I have questions that I can't seem to find answers for... How long does it take for your hands and feet to become unfrozen from the chemo... I went from 110 words a minute typing to about 10 words a minute. I have now also progressed from a two year old learning to eat with utinsals and tieing my shoes to a 2nd or third grader in those and signing my name. But the hands don't want to work properly and it is hard to keep my balance now because I have no feeling in my feet. Need advice on what to do to improve the situation. My Dr. just kind of pooh poohs it and doesn't give me any advice. ALSO... When can I eat my favorite raw veggies and fruits? My dr says to experiment with salads, but no celery or carrots uncooked and no grapes unless they are PEELED! The whole idea of eating carrots and celery and grapes is the crunch! Do I have to give them up for good? Thanks for any advice you can give me.
I also have irregular periods, and have been diagnosed with PCOS. You should talk with your OBGYN and have them run some easy tests. If you've been trying for two years then it is a good idea to have you and your spouse checked out.
I recently wrote a thread about my non- diagnosis of pain and neck thickness... I have read that all of my symptoms are those of an aortic aneurysm or aortic dissection... I am so worried now and no docs will believe me. They refuse to run tests. thanks
Hi, I was diagnosed with hepatitis B around 10 years back. Doctore told me that I am just a carrier and do not need any medication. Only suggested me following test on a yearly basis: 1. ALT 2. HBV DNA Quantitative I got these test conducted on July 9, 2010 and my readings were as follows: ALT - 74 HBV DNA (by TAQ-MAN Method) - 71 IU/ML Getting concerned, I got my self re-tested with following tests on JUly 17, 2010. 1. HEPATITIS Be ANTIBODIES, SERUM Result - Reactive 2. HEPATITIS Be ANTIGEN, SERUM Result - Non Reactive 3. HBV DNA Quantitative Result (by TAQ-MAN Method) - 25 IU/ML Within a time frame of around 9 days my viral load decreased from 71 to 25 IU/ML. I am not on any medication. Please suggest what should I make or understand out of it? Is my body recoverig or I need to be concerned as my Anti body result is Reactive. I do not understand these things much technically. Pease advice. Regards and Thanks in advance
I think my ex husband had ODD. Growing up he was diagnosed with ADD (even though he denies ever taking medication for it, his parents confirmed it) The reasons I think he had/has ODD is when we were married he did a lot of awful things to me. When we went to marriage counseling he either didn't think he did anything wrong or he denied he ever did anything and said he didn't remember it. When the marriage counselor told him he needs to see a psychiatrist he was very mad. "There is nothing wrong with me" he would say. Now that my daughter has been diagnosed with ODD, I see the symptoms in him to. I am a total believer now that it is genetic. You know our life hasn't been perfect, but it hasn't been hard on my daughter either. Her father and I were divorced when she was just 6 months old (and he was never really around before) so growning up apart was all she ever knew. And, when she chooses to be, she is a very smart sweet little girl.
Diagnosed with MG in 2005. Had a thymectomy in 2006. Have tried Mestinon and not a great deal of success with it. Mestinon Timespan was slightly better but haven't been on that for ages. Can't take any steroids due to being diabetic. So usually just put up with MG and all its foibles. Have developed twitches, for a better word, in limbs and torso. Went to a new Neuro who I have found to be great. Odd movements and twitches are being put down to a untreated staph infection which has now caused these movements. However, I have really high antibodies which they are afraid if left unchecked will continue on to cause yet more autoimmune conditions. Needless to say I don't want any more thank you! They are now talking about putting me on Imuran of which I know nothing about. So I was wondering if those on it could share your experiences, side effects and general thoughts. Thanks, Jules Posted on 03/28/12, 06:35 pm
I too suffer. I have fibromyalgia, tmd/tmj, migraines. It's rough, especially being a mother. My son is 2 months now and it's hard not being able to just take a day off and rest if I need to like I did before I had him. We just had a huge weather change here (90 last week, 30 this week) and the pain is out of control. I was diagnosed with I was 16 and I'm 24 now. Sometimes I just wish I felt as well as my friends my age do. I hate not being able to keep up without hurting so bad the next day. Good luck with your tests. I really hope it's not too late for you to have something done.
My doctor perscibed BC pills due to me being diagnosed with PCOS(on top of everything else). I agree with Fairydust saying that longterm use can increase your chances, but as long as you are only using BC pills to help control another issue or for a short period of time, you should be fine. (this is my opinion of course). You should bring this up with your doctor if you are very concerned. If I may ask, why are you taking BC pills? Is it just for protection or hormone therapy? In my case, I need BC pills to become regular.
I was diagnosed with stage 3 colon cancer in 2007. Completed 6 months chemo and no evidence of recurrance. Had a ct scan 6 months after chemo and a 3mm non-calcified lung nodule appeared on ct scan. Docotors said we will watch this every 6 months. It has shrunk to 2mm without any type of treatment involved. Doctor feels this is only scar tissue or toxicity from chemotherapy. Can this be true? Should I have this biopsied? Does cancer shrink on its own? My cea is 0 and all other tests, scans show no evidence of colon cancer anywhere.
My mother is a relativly health 83 year old -- he Dr describes her as a very young 83. She has had aortic stenosis for quite some time (diagnosed about 10 years ago). She refused valve replacement surgery. In Feb (Supervowl Sunday in fact) she went to ER when she haad trouble breathing. She was diagnoses with pneunomia and had a hear attack while in ER (she didn't know it at the time). She was then diagnosed with CHF. After she initially recovered, her cardioligist gave her 6-12 months to live unless she decided to do valve replacement surgery. Well, this time she agreed. Two weeks ago she had the surgery. It was touch and go during the surgery becuase all of the suitures leaked and had to be cauterized (I assume). She was under anestesia for 9 hours. Since surgery she has suffered with severe edema (initially gained 35 pounds but lost 10 of it) and shortness of breath requiring oxygen. She was released to rehab after 2 weeks. After three days in rehab she was still suffering from shortness of breath requiring oxygen and breathing treatments and still carrying an additional 20 pounds. Last night the rehab Dr called the parmedics to readmit her because of the shortness of breath and because a "hole" when a tube to drain the lung had been was leaking. Today she is back in the hospital dignoses with non-emergency fluid around the heart and in the lungs. They plan to drain the lung fluid today and the heart tomorrow. What next??? Will there ever be a happy ending?
On Sep 11, 2010 4:39 AM emily-CA wrote: Does anyone have a diagnosis of poorly defined neuroendocrine with no mets and had whipple to remove tumor from pancreas? What is your treatment? Seems like not alot of drs. are passionate about NET.I don't know what poorly defined means, but I had NET and a whipple. My treatment was removal and monitoring every 3 months by my oncologist. Good luck & Mojo, Susan
Hi John,  Yes...we were very happy to hear she is now in remission. She was diagnosed with FNHL-stg4, predominately in her bone/spine. She did R-CHOP and will start her 2 years Rituxan maint in October. It was pretty weird that 2 of us in the family have FNHL. She was diagnosed in Feb 2013. She was having back pain, went in for that and they found her cancer. I asked her to join the group, but she declined. She's a very private person...doesn't like to share much. Steve's whole family is like that. Thanks for asking John..I'll keep you posted on how things go for her. Take care...Sue
